-(life support machine beeping)
-(dramatic music)
Why didn't you
disqualify Taek Jegal?
(flesh smacking)
It's quite clear he's
going to wreak havoc
on your tournament.
But there's also a
chance he may be the key.
Is that the only reason?
(continuous beep)
(upbeat music)
♪ You make it look easy
♪ I'm thinking' hard right now
Cause, I know that you want me
♪ From the inside out
♪ You got me speechless
♪ Opening my mouth
♪ I was keeping it secret
♪ But the word got out
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you call, then you fold
♪ You're luring me out now
♪ Till the walls come down
♪ Yes, then you're no
♪ But I'm not letting go
♪ I'll be your contradiction
♪ Contradiction
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you cold, then
you're forward ♪
♪ You're fast, then you're
slow, slow, slow, slow ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no
♪ But I'm not letting go
♪ I'll be your contradiction
(crowd cheering)
(rock music)
[Announcer] Hyeonbok
Ryu is down!
(crowd cheering)
-Winner: Seokwoo Cha!
-[Seokwoo] (laugh) Yeah!
I lost.
[Announcer] In the
second Group A match
of the National God of
High School Tournament,
South Jeolla versus
South Chungcheong,
the first win goes to the
team from South Chungcheong,
courtesy of Seokwoo Cha.
(Crowd cheers)
I'm sorry, I couldn't
keep my promise.
No way, you did great.
(hands slapping)
[Announcer] Next up,
the second round.
Seungah Park versus Gungdo Nam.
I can't afford to lose this one.
Don't worry, if you
just follow my plan,
you can win this, no problem.
Ahh, The South Jeolla team
is discussing strategies
like they did in round one.
You see, the next fighters
Seungah Park and Ilpyo Park
are actually cousins.
So it makes sense they'd
be in sync with each other.
That's funny, think I
should tell them you bullied
me when we were kids?
Do that and I'll do it again,
and my sister too.
Well In that case,
I'm afraid to heal
Seungyeon's leg now.
You working out trends
and countermeasures?
This ain't a school
entrance exam.
Ready, go.
-(Gungdo roars)
-[Ilpyo] A guy like him
will try to use
his size advantage
to force her into submission.
She can use his
momentum to counter,
-but trying to match
-Why you...
his physical
strength won't work.
(kick thuds)
(body slams)
[Announcer] And Gungdo
Nam has been knocked out.
Winner, Seungah Park!
(crowd cheers)
From the data on
the preliminaries,
the South Chungcheong team
should have better coordination
than the other team.
-So, Ilpyo Park...
-(hands slapping)
One win, one loss.
Which of these teams
will we be up against?
Well, you won't be
going up against anyone.
(kick thuds)
I've been suspended.
I swear, how did I end up
on a team with such idiots?
That includes you too, in
case you hadn't figured out.
Uh Mori?
Sorry, What's up.
[Announcer] I know you're
all on the edge of your seats
as this hard fought match
comes to its final round.
The contestants that will be
fighting for a ticket to the
semifinals are Gi
Gwim and Ilpyo Park.
(crowd cheers)
That mark...
Ready, Go.
Why don't you go
back to watching porn
in your mom's
basement, ya virgin.
You're never going to
beat me, so just give up.
(air whooshing)
(crowd gasping)
Huh, not too bad
for a total newb.
Guess that didn't work, huh?
His other opponents
quit after he used that.
In that case, allow your
nice big brother here
to show you how it
works for us grown-ups.
(punches thudding)
(heavy panting)
Think fast.
(loud crashing)
(heavy inhale)
That was taekkyon, wasn't it?
Can't believe he can fight
with a style that ancient.
(laughs) Well shit,
now I'm pissed off.
-(bones snapping)
-Aah!
The hell? That hurt, you
virgin son of a bitch.
(crowd gasp)
Looks like we've got
another nasty fighter.
Enjoy being ripped to shreds.
Taekkyon, the
transience of life.
(Gi Gwim laughs)
Taekkyon falling leaf inferno.
[Announcer] Gi Gwim is down!
-Winner, Ilpyo Park!
-Ilpyo you did it! (laughs)
I was right, that tiger.
It's the same as grandpa's
military uniform.
(cars honking in the background)
So, there was Taek
Jegal yesterday
and Ilpyo Park today.
This tournament's on
a different level.
Then we just have
to get stronger.
-The levels and numbers
-(peaceful music)
displayed there show
the latent potential
of those who use charyeok.
Is charyeok something
anyone can obtain?
Not just anyone
but a special few.
Some train their entire
lives and still fail
to ever obtain it
while others find it
in the heat of battle.
And it's random, so anyone
has a chance at it, even us.
Yeah but I don't need that.
I don't wanna borrow
someone else's power.
There's no point unless the
strength comes from within.
Okay, that may be fine
and dandy for you but...
I'm going this way.
See you when it's
our turn to fight.
Wait.
Something has definitely
happened with him.
[Daewi] Yeah, probably when
he was called out yesterday.
-As I'm sure
-(dramatic music)
you're well aware,there are
quite a lot of people out there
who want a piece of Taejin Jin.
We've been searching for him,
to bring him in for safekeeping.
So in the past few days,
Is there a chance you've had
any contact with Taejin Jin
or anyone who might
be looking for him?
Not lately.
Why don't you ask?
(beep)
Look at this.
Two days ago, there was a
massive explosion in Gangwon.
(beep)
The media's been calling it
an attack from the
North Korean government.
But it was actually
caused by charyeok.
(beep)
And our investigation
unfortunately confirmed
that these bloodstains are from
none other than Taejin Jin.
And ever since then,
he's been missing.
Judging by the amount
of blood there,
the odds of him being
alive are extremely slim.
Hold on, do you even
know my grandpa?
If my grandpa was in a fight,
I'd be worried
about the other guy.
There's no way
grandpa could die.
If only I was stronger, I
could go to him right now.
You're Mori Jin, aren't you?
You're the guy from...
I'm a big fan.
Could I please shake your hand?
Oh, I mean sure, if you want.
Oh yeah, I'm so happy.
Hey, there's something
I wanted to ask you.
Whoa, hey!
I've been watching you ever
since the Seoul preliminaries.
Huh?!
(kick thuds)
(body slams)
What's up, man?
Why not end it?
Right back at you.
I should probably
introduce myself.
My name's Ilpyo Park.
Sorry about that, I just
couldn't resist the chance
to test out your skills.
That's cool.
Besides I wanted to ask
you, what's the tiger thing?
Oh, it's my way of showing my
deep respect for Taejin Jin.
Huh?!
(upbeat music)
(soft music)
(child vrooming)
The first memory I have
is of my father's funeral.
Be a good boy and do as
your uncle says, okay?
-Mommy, where are you going?
-My next memory
-is of my mother walking away
-Mommy no! Come back!
Mommy! (toy crashes)
A place I didn't know.
(child sobbing)
An unfamiliar atmosphere
and a lot of strange faces.
(child grunts)
Is that the best you can do?
Now I can see why
your grandfather Iltae
was so disappointed.
(leaves shuffle)
[Taejin Jin] You're Iltae
Park's grandson, right?
Huh?
Consider me an old buddy
of your grandfather's.
You knew my grandpa?
I wanted to be here sooner
but I had to teach
some bad guys a lesson
and it just couldn't wait.
I was actually asked to
give this to your dad.
Sorry I was too late.
This is a, well, let's call
it a book of taekkyon secrets.
Right up until the day he died,
your grandpa studied taekkyon
and came up with new techniques
which he recorded in this book.
Your grandpa was
amazingly strong.
Really?
Well, not as strong
as me of course.
He died saving the world with me
and that pride of his
lives on in your blood.
So grow up fast, kiddo.
Become a great man just
like your grandpa was.
And little did I know it
but that moment would become
my precious third memory.
My grandpa?
I owe him everything.
So how's Taejin Jin
doin' these days?
Oh, he's, well...
(blood gushing)
(energetic music)
I don't care if you hate me.
Say you're sorry, say it.
Say you're sorry.
You need to leave people
who have nothing to do
with you and me out of it!
Hm.
That man is dangerous.
You should be careful.
I'd say you're pretty
dangerous yourself.
Is your hand okay?
Don't worry about me.
I'm glad I got to talk to you.
See you at the arena.
Thanks, man.
Next time we fight, I
won't stop or hold back.
Same.
I couldn't even move.
I've got to get stronger.
-No, wait!
-(suspenseful music)
Q please, listen to me!
(explosive demolition)
(blade hisses)
Mujin Park, what the
hell were you doing?
How could you?
Why'd you let them kill
Bongsa Sim's wife and kid?!
(crashes and groans)
Really, who do you
think you're talking to?
(gurgling in pain)
This is how much it'll cost
to repair the building
you busted up.
You will personally
take responsibility
for the damage you caused.
So did you know?
That his wife and
kid weren't dead?
That's why I asked you
to stop and listen
to me back there.
(mystical music)
What Nox killed was a
virtually identical fake
that I made with my Marionette.
His real wife and
child were moved
to a safe location as soon
as Bongsa Sim was killed.
(deep exhale)
Well, there's a silver lining.
And I have a message from Mujin
I don't need an apology.
Adding today's property damage
to your previous incidents,
you're now up to nine
months without pay.
So uh, P...
I'm not lending you money.
(door slams)
(groans)
(coin jingles)
Haha, Oh.
What're you doing, huh?
-(soft guitar music)
-Stronger,
I have to get stronger.
So you wanna obtain charyeok?
Yes, If you agree to train me,
then I'll make dinner
for you every day.
It's cheaper, or cheaper
than eating here.
Why do you want it?
Is it just so you
can win at GOH?
Yeah, that's part of it.
But if I'm being honest,
losing all the time
really bothers me.
Mori Jin, huh?
I wanna catch up and
beat him one day.
Also, something is
bothering him right now
but he won't tell me what it is.
-I think...
-You think
it's because you're not
a dependable fighter.
There's no question.
I'm sure they'll
attempt to ruin GOH.
-We've run out of time.
-(dramatic music)
Yes, every moment counts.
People who have lost their way,
forgotten God's greatness
and corrupted our world
are attempting to attain
power that rivals God Himself.
We can no longer afford
to let them run free.
Commissioners, You can
remove your limiters.
When you find Nox,
strike with full force.
Then when you uncover
the traitor among us...
Stop the heathens
and do what you must
to destroy the key
that threatens God.
Get the key that'll bring
down God at any cost.
[All] This is war!
(birds chirping)
-Hmm.
-(wooden sword whooshing)
Charyeok, I haven't
even mastered
the Moonlight sword style yet.
I don't need that.
What's up with him, that jerk.
Any other time he won't shut up.
(beeps)
Huh?
(heavy exhale)
I have to get stronger so
grandpa can finally come home.
Why can't you come
home? (whines)
Hey now, I wanna
stay with you too.
But if I do that, all the
bad guys who're after me
will come here.
I don't care, I'll beat them up.
I'm strong enough to.
I know you are.
When you grow up, let's
beat them up together.
I'm grown up, I just
turned six today.
But you're still a child.
I'm so sorry, I hate
to leave you all alone
on your birthday.
But I'm sure your
new friends at school
will celebrate the
next one with you.
I don't need any
friends Grandpa.
Come on, There's nothing better
than having friends
by your side.
They're not, I'd rather
have you. (whimpers)
Please Mori, don't
make this harder on me.
I know, I'll give you a present.
What would you like?
Well...
Big smiles now, say cheese!
(camera shutters)
Grandpa, I just turned 17 today.
(door slamming)
(swift but heavy footsteps)
(confetti popping)
[both] Hey, happy
birthday Mori. Surprise!
(soft music)
I dunno, we both just
randomly got this message
out of nowhere.
(device beeping)
So you came all the way
out here just for that?
And, we weren't
coming empty-handed.
So cool. Huh?
What is all this? (chuckles)
Daewi, You cook?
No way!
Well its the flavor that
counts not the presentation.
Yeah, I guess.
Well, I'm digging in.
Its really good.
Right?
No, the seasoning's
a little too strong.
You used yakiniku sauce here.
For Bulgogi to taste right,
it should always be
very well-seasoned
with soy sauce, sesame
oil, mirin, garlic,
ginger and green onions.
And for norimaki, you
should use tougher rice
and less sesame oil.
Eat a little slower,
what'd you expect?
I can't eat another
bite. (groans)
Aren't you having any?
I'm absolutely stuffed, huh?
-(Daewi Han laughs)
-(Mira Yoo gasps)
(camera shutters)
[Taejin Jin] Make
lots of friends, Mori.
There's nothing better than
having friends by your side.
Grandpa, I guess this
is what you meant.
Hey Mori, was there something...
Forget it. Next time you
and I fight I'm gonna win.
You can count on it.
Aw man, he took the words
right outta my mouth.
I really wanna fight
you again too, and you.
Next time we fight, I'll
kick both your butts.
[Daewi and Mira] No,
I'll kick your butt.
(laughs)
But first thing's first.
Yeah, the three of us
have to win at GOH.
Though it's just two of
us in the next match.
Sorry, win it for me.
You can count on me.
Watch out world 'cause
we are unstoppable.
(door knocking)
I'm coming, I'm coming, chill.
Huh?
Hmm?
A map?
(gasps)
(upbeat music)
♪ When we're together
we're stronger ♪
♪ Let's go all up high
let's go discover ♪
♪ Cause we know we
are going to make it ♪
♪ Just believe we
can do this really ♪
♪ We're not alone
or even owned ♪
♪ So now we must
seize this moment ♪
♪ Never hide or never lose
♪ Every time we're
right on target ♪
♪ So let's just keep going
♪ Cause we're gonna
keep on winning ♪
♪ Sharing dreams you and me
♪ All the hopes that
we've been waiting ♪
♪ If you reach out
I'll be there for you ♪
♪ There's nothing I
would not do for you ♪
♪ When troubles are coming
♪ We'll fight them all
together not alone ♪
♪ All we do is just WIN
♪ LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA
♪ Cause we know that we'll WIN
♪ We lift us up high we
help each other to win it ♪
♪ All we do is just WIN
♪ LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA
♪ LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA
♪ Cause we know that we'll WIN